{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww29200\viewh17460\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Attached you will find a csv file containing 36820 rows and the following columns\

\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl342\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
['RaceID',\
 'HorseID',\
 'Cloth',\
 'Stall',\
 'WeightValue',\
 'JockeyID',\
 'AllowanceValue',\
 'OverweightValue',\
 'TrainerID',\
 'OwnerID',\
 'LastRunDaysFlat',\
 'Age',\
 'Blinkers',\
 'Hood',\
 'Visor',\
 'EyeShield',\
 'Eyecover',\
 'TongueStrap',\
 'CheekPieces',\
 'ForecastPrice',\
 'StatCourse',\
 'StatDistance',\
 'StatCourseDistance',\
 'StartingPrice',\
 'Bred',\
 'DamID',\
 'SireID',\
 'DamSireID',\
 'Sex',\
 'Colour',\
 'YearBorn',\
 'MeetingID',\
 'RaceNumber',\
 'ScheduledTime',\
 'HorseCount',\
 'Runners',\
 'Going',\
 'Weather',\
 'Course_Distance',\
 'RaceType',\
 'TrackType',\
 'Handicap',\
 'eligibility',\
 'CourseID',\
 'MeetingDate',\
 'Won\'92]
\f0\fs28 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
You are the first person with access to this data and as such are tasked with completing some exploratory analysis and data visualisation before creating some data models to capture key features of the data. The idea is to discuss some of your analysis, data querying, dimensional modelling, output and approach in our discussion. The aim of this exercise is more to facilitate our discussion than to produce a perfect set of results. As such, please do not spend more than 
\f2\b \ul 90 minutes
\f0\b0 \ulnone  in total on these tasks. \
\
The output of this work will need to be understood by other data scientists and should be useful for any future projects using this data. As such, please provide appropriate annotations/commentary so that the work can be easily followed. \
\
It is recommended to use a jupyter-notebook using Python and SQL tools such as pandasql or dbt. You are free to use any tools at your disposal for these tasks but it will need to be reproducible by us in order to assess it. \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 Task 1 (40 mins): \
EDA: 
\f0\b0 \
\
Consider the best way to understand and visualise this data. \
\
1)Create some key components that may be used within a data visualisation dashboard to present your analysis to other data scientists and/or a wider audience. \
2)As you explore the data, please note down any questions or concerns that come to mind, along with any insights and conclusions that you are able to draw using the visualisation components that you have built.\
\

\f2\b Task 2 (30 mins): \
Dimensional Modelling:
\f0\b0 \
\
Following some of the ideas from Kimball on dimensional modelling, where facts contain numerical measures and a dimension contains descriptive attributes of the fact:\
1) Query the data with SQL to build a simple dimensional model, which captures the key components of the data you\'92ve explored in Task 1 \
2) Note any discussion points on your approach. Any other thoughts on dimensional modelling would be welcome\
\

\f2\b Task 3 (20 mins): \
Analytics/Reporting:
\f0\b0 \
\
1) Perform some simple analytics or reporting of the data which is captured in the dimensional model from Task 2\
2) Consider the best way to summarise and visualise your data, with supporting commentary on your findings\
\

\f2\b Discussion Points \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 1) We might talk about data quality\
2) We might discuss any additional features you may have created from the features you have within the dataset\
3) We might discuss your dimensional modelling approach and if other considerations have been made away from Kimball\'92s practice\
4) We might discuss summarisation and supporting commentary of your dimensional model\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}